Change normative language in Microsyntax non-normative section (#627)
w3c/activitystreams: ERRATA.md

  - Unlike `latitude` and `longitude`, the domain of the `altitude` term is the `Object` type. The `altitude` term should be included in the list of properties of an `Object`. Because `altitude` is primarily documented as a property of a `Place`, publishers should not include `altitude` on objects that are not of type `Place`, and consumers should accept objects with this property that aren't of type `Place`.

  - The domain of the `attributedTo` property is both `Link` and `Object`. `attributedTo` should be included in the list of properties of a `Link`.

>   - The second paragraph in the non-normative section "Mentions, Tags and Other Common Social Microsyntaxes" contains RFC 2119 capitalized terms like MAY, SHOULD NOT, and SHOULD, which gives the impression that the requirements are normative. One solution is to replace the capitalized terms with equivalent terms that don't suggest normative requirements: 'While such microsyntaxes can be used within the values of the `content`, `name`, and `summary` properties on an Activity Streams Object, implementations cannot be expected to parse the values of those properties in order to determine the appropriate routing of notifications, categorization, or linking between objects. Instead, publishers are encouraged to make appropriate use of the vocabulary terms provided specifically for these purposes.'

Reviewer: Rather than a new PR, which pretends that the discussion in this PR #627 didn't happen, the changes now in PR #676 should have been incorporated here, via a suggestion like this --
```suggestion
  - The second paragraph in the non-normative section "Mentions, Tags and Other Common Social Microsyntaxes" should read, 'While such microsyntaxes can be used within the values of the `content`, `name`, and `summary` properties on an Activity Streams Object, implementations are not expected to parse the values of those properties in order to determine the appropriate routing of notifications, categorization, or linking between objects. Instead, publishers are expected to make appropriate use of the vocabulary terms provided specifically for these purposes to communicate information to consumers.'
```

Reviewer 2: evan made a new pr because this one had unresolvable merge conflicts.

Reviewer: > @evanp made a new pr because this one had unresolvable merge conflicts.

Well, that's frustrating, on multiple levels.

In future, best to comment about such "unresolvable merge conflicts" when closing the PR.

(I've never seen "unresolvable merge conflicts," only "merge conflicts that take significant time and effort to resolve." When I've been involved in such cases, I've made use of an external text editor, usually BBEdit, to manually compare the `>>>` and `<<<` sections on a character-by-character level and produce a clean-up commit. I'd be happy to do so for future PRs that are so "unresolvable". Note that I'd need to be granted some extra permissions on the repo, which I'd only use for production of such conflict resolution commits.)

Author: @TallTed let's say that the PR was not resolvable with my level of attention and skill, and that it was significantly easier to do without a merge. If in the future it seems like it would be better to have someone untangle the merges, I'll definitely tag you in!
